Isla Cisneros
City, State, Zip Code

Home: 000-000-0000 | Cell: 000-000-0000

email@email.com

Professional Summary
Committed High School Teacher passionate about educating high school students with engaging lessons. Dedicated and motivated to encourage student growth through carefully monitored academic progress. Focused on designing an effective high school curriculum geared towards meeting realistic goals.

Core Qualifications
? Proficient in the use of curriculum-based measurement assessment systems
? Especially adept at identifying the needs of each student
? Substantial understanding of student-directed classroom management
? Superior knowledge of critical reading and mathematical principles
? Impressive communications abilities
? Excellent observational skills

Experience
High School Teacher9/1/2016 – 6/1/2020
 

Company NameCity, State
 

? Developed and implemented a curriculum in accordance with school district guidelines.
? Assisted students with classwork and adhered to scheduled daily lesson plans.
? Supervised student behavior and intervened as necessary.
? Tracked students’ progress and provided individual feedback.

High School Teacher6/1/2012 – 6/1/2016
 

Main Street Junior/Senior High SchoolCity, State
 

? Referred students to school counselors and other personnel when necessary.
? Developed assignments and prepared tests designed to gauge proficiency.
? Ensured that curriculum was centered around the abilities of each class.
? Provided assistance to students before, during, and after class as needed.
? Offered counseling to students in accordance with district guidelines.
? Prepared monthly progress reports and quarterly grades.

High School Teacher8/1/2009 – 5/1/2012
 

Oceanside High SchoolCity, State
 

? Established productive dialogs with students and parents.
? Developed lesson plans and daily classroom activities.
? Evaluated assignments and provided fair grades.
? Reviewed and distributed classroom materials.
? Provided constructive feedback to each student.
? Delegated some duties to teaching aides.

Education
Master of Arts – Education2006
University NameCity, State

Related Skills

IEP Design
Educational Research
Differentiated Instruction
College Preparation
Earth Science
Human Geography
Contemporary Art
Science Curriculum
Physical Geography
Performance Motivation