Nicole Goodman

High School Teacher

nicole.goodman@email.us

564-875-2996

linkedin.com/in/nicolesgoodman

                S k i l l s  s e t
 

Lesson planning
Instructional skills
Classroom management
SMART board interactive displays
Standardized testing
Knowledge of the Chemistry curriculum
Familiarity with the laboratory equipment and procedures
Sense of humor
Creativity
Collaboration and teamwork
Critical thinking
Leadership

Summary of Qualifications
 

Passionate high school teacher of Chemistry with 4+ years of experience in teaching high school students, along with introducing state curriculum and introducing standardized testing. Proficient in AP exam preparation procedures. At Louis Pasteur High School in Chicago, implemented AP Chemistry curriculum and helped 43 out of 50 AP students receive 3 or a better score on the AP Chemistry exam. Sensitive towards adolescent students needs, continuously ensured social and emotional student development.

 

Work Experience
 

High School Teacher—Chemistry

Louis Pasteur High School, Chicago, IL

September 2015–July 2018

Key Qualifications & Responsibilities

Taught Chemistry and Chemical Biology to 100+ students of 10-12th grades a year.
Prepared comprehensive lesson plans based on the updated curriculum from the US Department of Education.
Created interactive presentations with the usage of relevant software (e.g. PhET simulations, Smart board, etc.).
Implemented lab activities based on scientific methodology and real life chemistry application.
Ensured class safety during the laboratory practice.
Fostered a positive learning environment by incorporating team building activities and positive reinforcement techniques.
Focused on ensuring social and emotional development of adolescent students; cooperated closely with the school psychologist.
Key Achievements

Developed AP Chemistry curriculum and helped 43 out of 50 AP students receive 3 or a better score on the AP Chemistry exam.
Awarded Chemistry Teacher of the Year for implementing innovative teaching techniques to a Chemistry classroom.
 

Student High School Teacher—Chemistry

North Bridge High School, Chicago, IL

September 2014–July 2015

Key Qualifications & Responsibilities

Taught Chemistry to 9-10th grade students following the state curriculum.
Implemented modern teaching techniques based on technology and practical laboratory tasks.
Maintained lab equipment, including temperature probes, analytical balances, spectrophotometers, and probes, and managed laboratory supplies.
Organized industry field trips to help students broaden horizons and get involved in the science projects.
Monitored and evaluated students progress and continuously encouraged them to develop their skills.
Organized extracurricular activities for underprivileged students.
Participated in the school committee meeting in order to discuss current school problems and present actionable solutions.
Key Achievements

Improved the scores of the standardized midterm and final tests of 9th-graders by 15% when compared to the previous year results.
 

Education
 

2010–2013 BA, Comprehensive General Chemistry

University of Chicago

Took part in Chemistry Data for Schools Normalization Project, the results of which were highly acknowledged by the City Board of Education.
My article titled “Applied Chemistry in Modern Education” was published in a university scholarly magazine.
 

Skills
 

Lesson planning
Instructional skills
Classroom management
SMART board interactive displays
Standardized testing
Knowledge of the Chemistry curriculum
Familiarity with the laboratory equipment and procedures
Sense of humor
Creativity
Collaboration and teamwork
Critical thinking
Leadership
 

Certifications
 

International Chemistry Teacher Certification, Chicago, 2017
Illinois Teaching State Certification (Accredited by the National Council for Accreditation of Teacher Education), 2015
High School Psychology Course, University of Chicago, 2016
CPR Course, 2018
 

Languages

English
Spanish